yang and settling accounts
became unsuccessful drug mafia nets
works check number one is
addiction what how do you know how
I am grateful to take who is empty
ok stop see see see
it is from now on i'm not judging anyone i
not fighting crime now this
Frenchman
he decides everything in front of everyone who
led by the organization who controls
product
we got messages holiday is over
Hello, I am a judge between yes and spit
me on you which is lately
located in the center of Russia
why are you looking for adventures and people
starting in the garden
you do not have enough in this
humanity was kidnapped at night at home
no, and sometime you'll pay for all this
life
I did not violate the rules in order
happy we'll see
and the taxi can be seen I can do whatever I want
and when
give her a phone don't know why they are the moment
you are scared yes i am the core even though i saw you
at night you were outside
the phone is your despair
I will be scared